Okay. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Okay. Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Thank you very much.
And also, Happy New Year to everyone. Thank you. Happy New Year, I wish and pray. We all pray this
2025 will be very nice and beautiful. Happy New Year. Really wish that we wish that this world
will become very peaceful. Peaceful world of the old elements, peace world of all the human beings,
and peaceful ourself, each of ourself become more peace, more calm, more joy, more apprehensive,
and less just the disturbance of the doubt and hesitation and skeptical standing family on the
ground of our inner beautiful calling of love, kindness, compassion, and really wishing and
pray, pray for this. Today we're gathering, it's called, to celebrating, to activating of this
upcoming or to come, come like 2025, we really wish this one very beautiful. And for that reason,
we do this praise. We dedicated this whole our practices for bring the peace, peace to the world,
peace to the elements, peace to the human beings, all the sentient beings, and peaceful ourself.
We have more joy, more appreciation, more great, great thoughts, and more really thankful.
And the same time with more content and more relaxed, more calm. As I said, standing firmly
on the ground of our inner goodness call it, whatever pad we have, but a brain of joy,
peace, happiness, respect, and appreciation to your old beings. We follow the always with our own
kind of emotion, ego clinging, self-important attitudes. We were not going to fulfill our goal
of the joy and the peace. And then that kind of all these self-important things are completely
involved with the skeptical, doubt, and hesitations, and kind of self-blaming to the others,
blaming to one's own self. Kind of we go through this because that was called the activity of the
ego, according Buddhism. And so therefore, we bring more joy, peace, happiness, and praise
sincerely today. We're going to practice the praise to Murbha and Masambhava, Buddha Shakyamuni,
gracious teacher Buddha Shakyamuni, and Tara, and with all the Dharma followers. Now all the angels
of the protractors and angels of the virtues of the universe, virtues, love, kindness, compassion,
promote a joy and peace, and bring also courage and commitment and a determination to our heart
and mind. So we stand firmly on the ground where we really belong and wishing and pray for that
reason. So I'm very happy that we all had the opportunity to come together and in physical
level or here or as well as in electrical or technology level. I'm very happy and thankful.
Again, happy New Year, everyone. Thank you. Thank you very much for participating. Thank you. Happy
New Year, everyone. Happy New Year. Now we start with the practice of what's called the opening
prayer booklet with the seven-line prayer. But first, we do three minutes of silence,
meditation, subtle our mind, and very more calm and joy in appreciation. Really,
feel more grounded ourself to our own beautiful nature.
And the opening prayer booklet in page is a code. This yellow booklet here is page one,
but page seven. But it is the seven-line prayer. Most people that we pray myself in the Buddhist
Center, the members, I think has this, that opening prayer booklet, normally we call it
green booklet too. Start with the seven-line prayer. So before we begin, we do short,
again, I say the short meditation. Three minutes.
[silence]
We have this booklet. This booklet, the green booklet, is the page 49. Start with 49 or otherwise
it's seven or normally called opening prayers, seven-line prayers.
[singing]
Dara practices according to this page 35, page 35. Dara practices.
In the pure land of the potala, you emanated from the green tamsa syllabus,
liberating the sentient beings by light with tamsa syllabus.
Please approach now Dara with your actions, that you will strongness of the gods and asuras,
bow down to your lot of feet. You free all beings from the troubles and misfortunes.
[singing]
Okay, now we do the Dhamnapala practice, okay?
Dhamnapala.
[singing]
Now again, some other booklet. Back to page nine.
Bye. Page nine.
[singing]
Test, glorify the power of the meditation.
Run your world straight to the heart of family, self, within one place.
With the title of the phenomenon of listening is the cosmic medulla.
Thus, help arising musical offerings.
We honor and applaud for you the ultimate host of Dharma protectors.
Lord, we're all activity.
Remember your Samayas and Lamas to protect the teachings the teachers have practiced.
Glorious Lamas bless a person as closely like the masses.
A yidam, a serendom, a compliment on seasoning.
Dakini's brain is all the provisions.
Dhammapala schools the boundaries in any direction.
By this great glory to us because we gain the perfect gratuity in all directions.
May the help and support by all of you.
[singing]
And now next one, he's on the dinner room with one.
Now we do three times in any yoga.
[speaking foreign language]
destroy of the old obstacles.
destroy of the old obstacles. I pray to you, please bless us and pacify the
[speaking foreign language]
[singing]
I pray to you [speaking foreign language]
[speaking foreign language]
[singing]
Please grant your blessings to subhanthana for all the way. Please grant your blessings to strength
and life. Please grant your blessings to disperse the disease, famine, war and fighting. Please
grant your blessings to disperse the source of the spirit and the spirit. Please grant your
blessings to subhanthana for all the way.
Please grant your blessings to subhanthana for all the way. Please grant your blessings to subhanth
ana for all the way. Please grant your blessings to subhanthana for all the way. Please grant your
blessings to subhanthana for all the way.
We start with page 29 and some other booklet, then Buddha Salma is page 17, I think.
And now we do the Kondazamu pray. Kondazamu pray, this one. At the minute you have that. Kondazamu
pray, okay?
Kondazamu pray is very famous Dzokhi teachings, really. It's a nugget teachings of the hour where
all things are started.
So, it is very powerful and special prayers and we go here, page, at the end of this page, colorful
.
We're going to chime and then we're going back to the beginning. Beginning, page, what? Page one.
Colorful is page 23. Yeah, page 23. Okay, we stand on our meditation and then we're going to chime
this.
Here is said in the total the end of this at this time, visualize yourself the Kondazamu and then
decide to display that well-heared by everyone.
That's the visualization. If not, really again increasing both each other, extended both each other
and to every living beings.
So again, as we chime in praying this for all the beings, everyone in this today's special day of
the new year.
Yes, in the yah.
This das is here from Tantra which clearly shows the unimpeded realization of the Buddha Kondazamu
in a great profession.
This is the ninth chapter, the prayer that will lead the sentry beings to the enlightenment state
without even going.
So, all the appearance and the phenomena are the possibility of the samsara of the nirvana.
Have one soul for this all in two results.
The miracle of knowing and unknowing through these prayers of the Kondazamu.
May all beings is like the perfect enlightenment in the palace of the madhaka, the soul where
everything is uncomported.
Self arising, infinite, inconceivable beyond the level of samsara and nirvana.
Knowing this suchness is the Buddha who unknowing beings of wondrous, compressible.
May all beings of the three times like the nature of the inconceivable source.
Furthermore, I Kondazamu proclaim.
Sure, the soul is free from the cause and the condition.
The soul is realized by the serpentine rising awareness.
It is not named by the arrows exaggerating such as inside or inside.
This is not obscured by the darkness of the mindfulness system.
Therefore, there is no sense of the mystery of the perception.
Cult with this prayer is pursuing awareness and the three roles are living in the heaven.
Unaddicted to the five objects, the samsara of pleasure, self arising the awareness of the priest.
Solid form in the five borders, the radiative clarity of the awareness is unseasoned.
This simple nature is a five-bit wisdom. In action, the five-bit wisdom is the five primordial budd
has.
When this wisdom expanded, political buddhas arrived.
The expression of the power of the five-fold wisdom during the 2016 Harigas.
Therefore, only awareness is never diluted.
I am the primordial buddha by my powerful prayer.
May all beings of the three realms of the samsara recognize the rising awareness
and the expanding capacity of the great wisdom.
My emanations are conceiving. Inconceivable billions of the emanations are displayed.
Whatever the varieties are needed to help this enemy, by my powerful compassion and strength,
may all beings of the three realms be liberated from the ways of the sixth essence.
In the beginning, the looking arises in the same way.
When the awareness of the soul is forgotten, the mind becomes numb and jealous.
This is the first ignorance, the cause of every else.
Instantly unconsciousness, one thought wondrous, endless, one sees the above on the floor.
The baggage I and the others print in, and through the clinging, it becomes habitual.
The sentencing comes from the samsara, and they increase in the effortlessly of the five-folders.
There is no end to the activity of the five-folders.
So the source of the delusion, the sending being, is numb, jealous, blind to the brain.
I am the Buddha, the power of my prayer.
May all beings clad in the human mind, release or cling, and recognize the self-evident.
Through the converged illnesses, one's consciousness is unburdened to the stats.
Through the constructive ignorance, one separates the seven others.
These two, the converged in the constructive ignorance, from best the sending being, completely.
I am the Buddha, my powerful prayer.
May all beings in the samsara, remove the dark covered in mindfulnessness,
play a realistic lesson, and recognize self-evident.
Ulessly concerned with the odd genesis of the dark,
which is developed from the subtle small attachments,
into the power of a habit of pain, food, clothing, wealth, place and the convention.
The five desires are of a long relationship, being nurtured by the denialist object.
This is the darkness of the world.
This is no end to the dual-state activity.
The wrapped in a proof of attachment is the birth of the hungry gods.
The suffering and the power of the instant.
To be grown in the state of the hunger and the thirst is terrible.
I am the Buddha, my powerful prayer.
May all beings in conflict with them in attachment.
Neither reject desire, nor accept the sorrow.
A relaxing mind in its own state.
Original self-refreshing awareness, and relaxed discrimination.
When extending the room of a life, there are certain fears and tumbling,
including the killing we develop in the habit of the patterns of the hate,
increasing the power of attachment by enemies, lead to the violence and murder,
the anger of the burning and boiling hell.
I am the Buddha, my powerful prayer.
May all the simply beings and the supreme no longer clean the pains.
The life and the error of our system.
A conceit mind will criticize and challenge others.
This will ask for bright and develop.
One will suffer the experience in the state of the world of fighting.
When proof of the disconnection is happening,
I want to warn the good one who has been in the falling down.
I am the Buddha, my powerful prayer.
May all the simply beings and the still beings be restored in the self-refreshing awareness,
and the relaxed equality towards them.
The habit of the pattern and the development of the witness is a concept.
Is it to praise one's own and the better of others?
Me, me, me, me, and those in the world we call our own in the fighting.
We delete the bird and the enemy, the god of killers.
That is all the ones who call into the hell.
I am the Buddha, my powerful prayer.
May beings with increasing confidence through this,
recover all their fight,
no longer clean the enemy by relaxing their own mind,
restore the self-refreshing awareness,
and relax all the accomplished human system.
Being minus and distracted, foggy, dull, forgetful,
and unconfident, called the lady in the England increase.
And it is all to this wondrous and helplessly in my life.
I am the Buddha, my powerful prayer.
May those all wonder in the God of England,
the working of the mind, the clarity of my goodness,
and by the power of this, relax all the simple beings
and I share the same that matters.
But let in the mindfulness and the wonder and the soul.
They perform the actions, there is no meaning.
These six tales and the actions, I like that a little bit.
I am the primordial Buddha.
In order to change the beings with 60 hands,
I thank the example of prayer.
And all the simple beings, which is part of the enlightened place,
are who have a number of years in our union,
who claim meditating awareness without a solution,
perform this power of prayer.
All those who hear will reach in life the three words.
At the time of the eclipse in the sun,
there are six hundreds in the good solid city.
In the time, visualize yourself, the supernatural.
And at the time of this power of prayer,
pray to these things with 60 hands,
perform of this prayer by releasing the suffering
and ensure all beings will reach the Buddha home.
[singing]
When page 29, according to this booklet,
by the certain names of the Buddhas in the month of the great life,
the widow is the wisdom raised,
emanated from the body of the Buddha,
purifying all of grace, myself and all beings.
Then the virtues of the path of the Mahayana
and the primitive evolution,
fair with the non-returned attention.
And now we do a board of five minute meditation.
[silence]
[coughing]
This page here, according to this booklet,
page 32.
32 or page...
maybe it's 22 something like that.
Anyway, this page 32.
Just as the bodhisattva meditation,
at any realization,
my wife is some of the other bodhisattvas.
In order to train my son to hold them,
I dare to get all this marriage
to all half of these sentient beings.
[inaudible]
And then we're going to do
the prayer of the...
of the...
the great club of blessings
and lying past the gakini
and then dare to get the marriage.
Those are the...
Suppose we do this prayer.
There's a prayer from the different practitioners
or sangha members.
And...
and the light offering to the stupid...
[inaudible]
...light offering to the stupid garden
and the three [inaudible]
[inaudible]
and with gratitude as...
as gratitude and long life prayer
for one of the [inaudible]
from Dona and Steve.
And thank you.
And purifying the karma and a smooth passage
to the pardo
to the Amitabha's field land of Devaki.
Seven lines, lame offering
for Franklin Young.
Seven lines offering
for [inaudible]
[inaudible]
And removing the disease and obstacles.
One hundred eight lines offering
for the David Chung.
for Guru Buddha Dharma Sangha.
And 21 lines offering
for [inaudible]
[inaudible]
And seven lines offering
for Judy Cook and family.
for Shannon Jack.
And one hundred eight lines
offering for David Chung.
And well-being and fulfillment
in life. Seven lines
offering for Daniel Cole
and Arto
and the company.
Seven lines offering for the Cook
and Cole Bryant Rider
families.
And then as well as the prayer
[inaudible]
And the sickness in the
life and the difficulties of the Sangha brothers
[inaudible]
And so those are all the different
prayers of course as well
as thinking of these people and as
well as every living being
as I said really thinking.
And representing everyone.
And that means bodhicata.
Bodhicata is what we said.
May I, may the purpose
of get the purpose to benefit
for all the sentient beings
I'm going to get enlightenment.
I'm going to practice. I'm going to meditate.
I'm going to accomplish the meditate.
Those are the what we said
when we take the bodhicata of ours
or when we do the different prayers
and sadness. So now really
activate that really intention.
Strongly heart, mind
we've dedicated this meditate
and join those prayers
and
wish that for part.
So as I said earlier
world peace.
Extending the world peace.
Inwardly all
the world peace means there's
no more wars. No more naked
disasters. And then also
ourselves will more calm
and peaceful and keep
have the courage, the commitment
to keep up our
inequality, our resolution.
So our practices
not shaken by
hesitation and doubt and
skeptical and then falling apart
and kind of become the victim of
ourselves by those emotions.
Really wish and pray.
So we stand in that. So all that
and then we join the prayers
and mantras. And I think start with
the Buddha, pray of the great teacher
of many prayers. So
I think whenever you have that
and here in this
Palm Beget dharma center has selected
the bullet of the
all these mantras. So
that you can have and
otherwise it is
bed 58 I think.
Inward for this one?
Bed 58 is, I think
this is a bullet.
Yeah.
78? Yeah.
In the Bible
it is 78.
Yeah.
78.
This through 78.
This bullet is
78 and the Palm Beget
dharma center has several
booklet of this one. Okay.
Thank you everyone. Sorry.
I don't want this.
The great compassion one
except this troubled
general goal. Met 500
as prayers. Your prayers
as the white lord was. Whoever
heard your names well not
returned to the samsara. Most
great teacher I pay
homage to you.
[singing]
We joined again this three times. We did everything good for many levels. We joined this three
times.
[Singing]
We joined this three times. They were a chamber that lowered all their compartments from the Great
Blessed One.
Another tribe of wrathful miters who give all the negative destroy of all the obstacles.
I pray to you, please bless us and pacify out the innocent in the obstacles.
Bless us that all our aspirations will fall back.
Now we do the Sara Place. Sara Place and the continuing on the booklet is continuing on the new
white booklet.
And here in the far big one is page 57 at the beginning.
[Singing]
Okay, thank you. Thank you very much everyone for participating. Thank you for coming. Thank you
again. Thank you very much for participating.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you again. Again, I'm going to say one more time. Happy New Year's,
wish you all the best, good health, your peace, happiness, lateral realization, individual level,
and as well as to everyone, and then world peace.
Beyond world peace, there's no more war, no more famine, no more natural disasters. Elements have
become peaceful, and human beings have become peaceful. Everyone becomes peaceful, including
ourselves. And I really wish that, okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. Happy New Year.
Once more, the apple dropped. Wow. That's it, lateral, wish you all the goods. Thank you. That's it
. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you, everyone.
Okay, now enjoy the talk. I will be good. Thank you.